https://codepen.io/miljoh/pen/QWyjmVe?editors=1100
1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Semantic HTML helps determine the importance and context of items on the webb
    
2. What is HTML used for? 
It is used to create documents on the web
   
 3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
Attributes define additional characteristics or properties of the element. We put attributes in the start tag.
   
 4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
   It is the heading or most important point on a web page and should only be used once per page.

 5. Name two tags that have required attributes=src and alt
   
 6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? We put the title or specific information about the page
   
 7. What is an id? The id attribute specifies a unique id for an HTML element

   
 8. What elements can I add an id to? 
It can not be used by <base>, <head>, <html>, <meta>, <param>, <script>, <style>, and <title> tag.

   
 9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Once
   
 10. What is a class? The class is an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element
    
11. What elements can I add a class to? Div and span
    
12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? As many as you would like to
    
13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? just add a target="_blank" attribute to your links (anchor tags).
    
14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
The alt attribute specifies an alternate text for an image, if the image cannot be displayed
    
15. How do I reference an id? You use the # symbol followed by the id.

   
 16. What is the difference between a section and a div
The <section> tag defines sections in a document, such as chapters, headers, footers, or any other sections of the document. ... The <div> tag defines a division or a section in an HTML document.
   
 17. What is CSS used for? 
Cascading style sheets
    
18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
By it’s importance.  An h2 is a header that is secondary on importance
   
 19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one 
The difference between an ID and a class is that an ID can be used to identify one element, whereas a class can be used to identify more than one
#id	#firstname	Selects the element with id="firstname"
class	.intro	Selects all elements with class="intro"
    
20. How do we select classes in CSS?
To select elements with a specific class, write a period (.) character, followed by the name of the class.
   
 21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.p=”human”


    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
. The ("parent > child") selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. When you wanted the parent selector for one paragraph but not any of the remaining paragraphs
    
23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
This is a fundamental css selector type, and you can chain as many descendant selectors as you wish,
   
 24. What is a pseudo selector?
A pseudo-class is a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state
   
 25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
Use the line-height property in CSS to do this
   
 26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
use the CSS letter-spacing property.
   
 27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
The text-transform CSS property specifies how to capitalize an element's text. It can be used to make text appear in all-uppercase or all-lowercase, or with each word capitalized
    
28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
<div style="border: dotted 1px black" id="mydiv">content</div> 
or
    
29. How do I select everything on the page? 
   Use the * selector
 
30. How do I write a comment in CSS?

   CSS uses the same "block comment" syntax as the C-like languages - you start a comment with /* , and end it with */
 
31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
In order to see where you are at any time within your computer, you can type the command  pwd
   
 32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
The path at the start of the Command Prompt input line always indicates your current directory. Once you're in a directory, use the dir command to view the files and folders within. Type dir to get a list of everything in your current directory
   
 33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
Open Terminal, type “rm” (no quotes, but there should be a space after it). Drag & drop the file you want to remove onto the Terminal window, and its path will be added at the end of the command, then hit Return. Your file will be removed beyond recovery.
   
 34. Why should I use version control? 
Version control is very useful to keep track of changes you made to your scripts.
    
35. How often should I commit to github?
If you're using Git, then commit whenever you finish a step.

   
 36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
the git push command pushes changes from your local repo into a remote repo. git push shares changes you've made with others
   
 37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
Student will create OWN version of Repo (Fork)
Student will add TL as a collaborator
Student then will Clone Repo
Student will then create a branch (on which the student will implement the project) git checkout -b 'firstName-lastName'
Student will then submit their PR into the new branch.
Student will use their own student fork as the base (compare across forks).
Student will add their TL as a reviewer on the PR
TL then will count the HW as done by merging the HW back into master “STUDENT FORK”.



